Peng add pytorch convenience functions to composable (#69)
merantix-momentum/squirrel-core: docs/usage/iterstream.rst

To see how you can chain custom Composables with `compose()`, see the advanced section for :ref:`IterStream <advanced/iterstream:IterStream>`.

.. note::

>     Note that when defining a custom Composable, you have to omit the `source` argument in the constructor signature.
>     This is because the `source` of your custom Composable is automatically set to the Composable that it operates on.
>     The only time the `source` argument is explicitly set is when creating a `IterableSource`,
>     as this marks the beginning of the chain of Composables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that when defining a custom Composable that is meant to be used as `Source`, i.e. the first step in the pipeline, the `source` argument in the constructor must be present, but if it is `Transformation` or `Terminal`, i.e. any step except the first step in the pipeline, you have to omit the `source` argument in the constructor signature of the custom Composable class because because the `source` of your custom Composable is automatically set by Squirrel to the Composable that it operates on.
```
